
#Imp Rogue

- Lethal Toxins = P) "Cooking up poisonous cocktails for a long time has led you to discover a lethal dose! If you kill an enemy with poison, it explodes dealing its Max HP's worth damage to all other enemies"

N1) "This poison is perhaps too effective, disintegrating the body completely. Enemies killed through poison no longer drop gold"

N2) "Working with poisons so long has exposed you to them for an unhealthy amount. Every time you kill an enemy through poison, lose 1 Max HP"

N3) "Being exposed to the chemicals so much has weakened your senses. Start every combat with 2 Cripple"

- Pickpocketer = P) "You have found a way to steal from your enemies more efficiently. Enemies killed drop 15% more gold"

N1) "Focusing so much on the enemies' valuables has made you complacent, making you neglect your own. At the end of your turn, there's a 50% chance you discard a card in your hand instead of shuffling it into the shuffle-pile with the rest"

N2) "You now have more money through pillaging than you know what to do with! After every combat, there's a 50% you lose 20% of your gold

N3) "Your purse's getting quite big. You can only carry a maximum of 200 gold with you"

- Master of Stealth "Learning to blend to your surroundings better, you've become practically invisible! 50% chance to dodge enemy attacks"

N1) "As a response, your enemies have learned to detect you better. Gain a permanent Bleed that cannot be cleansed"

N2) "Hmmn, where was that resting place again? You're no longer able to heal at resting-sites"

N3) "Now, nobody sees you . . . 50% to skip an encounter"

- Potion Belt = P) "You've made quite an useful expansion to your potion-carrying case, doubling its capacity! You can now carry 6 potions instead of 3"

N1) "The Shopkeeper finds your new potion-belt suspicious, and is distrusting of you now. You're no longer able to buy potions in the shop"

N2) "Drinking so many potions all the time can cause weird side-effects. Drinking a potion has a chance to harm you instead!"

N3) "You stink of potions due to their over-usage, yuck! You're no longer able to gain the Master of Stealth -power"

Cardbattler Powers:

P = Positive Effect N = Negative Effect

Lizard Brute:
-  Sharpened Scales = P) “Sharp scales protrude out of your skin, causing enemies to take thorns-damage every time they hit you” 

N1) “This transformation is quite painful for you ~ -5 MAX HP” 

N2) “The scales are quite large, and difficult to maneuver around in. Every time you use a card that blocks, you’re only able to perform block-actions for the rest of the turn” 

N3) “It seems that this mutation was quite premature. After five combats, these brittle spikes will shatter, and will not regrow”

- Armaments = P) "Defense is the best offense! Every time you gain block, deal that much damage to a random enemy"

N1) "This, however, makes your armor wear off pretty fast . . . You gain 50% less armor from all sources"

N2) "Due to you having augmented your armour to be heavier for it to be able to hit and take hits, it has begun slowing you down. Your attack-cards deal 25% less damage"

N3)  "Your armor is no longer good for anything other than bashing. You can no longer gain block for it to be used defensively"

- Bloodlust = P) "You have developed an "acquired taste" for your enemies' life-essence. Every attack heals you for 2 HP"

N1) "The bloodlust consumes you! You're no longer able to heal through any other means"

N2) " . . . it still doesn't taste the best, though. You have a 50% chance to heal from every attack"

N3) "Constantly reeking of blood terrifies others. Shopkeeper only sells you certain items and chance-encounters force you to take the worst options"

- Weapon Master = P) "You've become quite proficient in your craft. Start every fight with +2 strength"

N1) "So good in fact that you've forgotten about everything else! The turn you use an attack-card, you're unable to use any other type of a card"

N2) "You've become obsessed with weapons! Reward-screen only gives you attack-cards"

N3) "After experimenting with different weapons, you've come to realise your own is no longer enough. You're unable to use Slashes"

Cardbattler Powers3

P = Positive Effect N = Negative Effect

Elf Wizard:

- Magic Codex = P) "Through rigorous research, you have unlocked the secrets of magicks. Whenever you play a card with an element in its name, a random card in your hand costs 0"

N1) "Some of the words in the nomicom still don't entirely make sense to you, though. Whenever you play a card with an element in its name, move a random card in your hand to the shuffle pile"

N2) "Maybe such magic is too strong for a mortal. You can only play five cards per turn"

N3) "There is a price for such power! This effect will also make another random card cost 4 until the end of the battle"

- Faery Help! = P) "You've got a new pixie helper. Whenever you play a card, there's a 50% chance it gets cast twice"

N1) "This faery still needs a bit training though. Whenever you play a card, there's a 25% chance it gets discarded"

N2) "Controlling this fae takes a lot of effort! Decrease your maximum energy by 1"

N3) "This faery is still just a wee baby, it still needs a lot of rest! Whenever a card is made to cast twice, "Faery Help!" needs two combats to recharge"
